Update README.md (#20)
wolfderechter/taiko-node-dashboard: README.md

## Usage

To run the dashboard simply append the following two services to the `docker-compose.yml` of the taiko node.

> To configure the dashboard for the Hekla testnet, replace `latest` in `wolfderechter/taiko-node-dashboard:latest` with `hekla`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the dashboard for the Hekla testnet, use the `hekla` image tag in `wolfderechter/taiko-node-dashboard:hekla`.
```
